### Initiation

First it is breaking through illusions.  What I think I want the most doesn't exist.  Perfection is not real.  I will never be perfect and will never find it in anyone else and that is so beautiful.  We are always changing, failing, being; learning how to be ourselves.  Driving through a sentient forest with moss clinging to every surface and misty clouds floating over the mountains that sit cross legged next to the water I am in a celestial realm.  Above the past and the future; only here now in this magic.  Listening to the movement of truth in melody, harmony, dissonence I feel like we are god.  For now we are without home together, finding a place to be with everything, to sing with everything for a moment.  I am reminded that no one knows everything, not even me.  I saw my whole self for the first time.  Every part, every shadow in every crevice, every shining light and felt love for this thing that I am.  Forgiveness for ignoring these parts for so long.  Gratefulness for this rare glimpse.  All feelings fabulous, glorious in their formidable expressings; burning, glowing, dying.  Exploding into chaos.   

Too much.  Too much all at once and no place to go be with just me.  Saying goodbye to something I haven't even begun to define, oh how divine was the mind so lost in the sublime.  For a time now we go our own ways.  Maybe forever but time is relative we say.

The sun likes to be sung to and today it shines bright because it is a magic day.  There is a  man playing a piano on the street corner.  He yells in glee at everyone that passes as he plays with energy in it's raw form.  Major scales booming like fireworks and trickling down the sky to your eardrums, to your soul drums.  I sing for a moment with the melody, loud and clear and unafraid to be who I am.  I meet a man in a bookstore who wishes me luck on my quest and tells me he wants me to be happy.  I got two cookies baked by a master - one for me and one for the piano magician.  Magic is real. :)  And it loves you.
